feat: update secret scanning (#1354)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/security-secrets.md

# Secrets Scanning

> It is important to manage [your secrets (env variables) properly](./spaces-overview#managing-secrets-and-environment-variables). The most common way people expose their secrets to the outside world is by hard-coding their secrets in their `app.py` files directly, which makes it possible for a malicious user to utilize your secrets and services your secrets have access to.

Author: How about:
```suggestion
It is important to manage [your secrets (env variables) properly](./spaces-overview#managing-secrets-and-environment-variables). The most common way people expose their secrets to the outside world is by hard-coding their secrets in their code files directly, which makes it possible for a malicious user to utilize your secrets and services your secrets have access to.
```

> It is important to manage [your secrets (env variables) properly](./spaces-overview#managing-secrets-and-environment-variables). The most common way people expose their secrets to the outside world is by hard-coding their secrets in their `app.py` files directly, which makes it possible for a malicious user to utilize your secrets and services your secrets have access to.

Reviewer: whatever:)

    return result
```

> To prevent this issue, we run [TruffleHog](https://trufflesecurity.com/trufflehog) on each push you make. TruffleHog scans for hard-coded secrets and we will send you an email upon detection. You'll only receive an email for verified secrets. Verified secrets are secrets that have been verified by trufflehog, meaning that they can be used to authenticate to their given provider. Note that unverified secrets are not necessarily invalid, verification can also fail due to technical reasons, e.g. in that case of a network error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this issue, we run a tool called [TruffleHog](https://trufflesecurity.com/trufflehog) on each push you make. TruffleHog scans for hard-coded secrets and we will send you an email upon detection. You'll only receive an email for verified secrets. Verified secrets are secrets that have been verified by trufflehog, meaning that they can be used to authenticate to their given provider. Note that unverified secrets are not necessarily invalid, verification can also fail due to technical reasons, e.g. in that case of a network error.

You can opt-out from those email notifications from [your settings](https://huggingface.co/settings/notifications).
```

> TODO: add a picture of the email?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!--TODO: add a picture of the email?-->
```

should be as html comment. Yes, some form of pic would be great

Reviewer: yes please

    return result
```

> To prevent this issue, we run a tool called [TruffleHog](https://trufflesecurity.com/trufflehog) on each push you make. TruffleHog scans for hard-coded secrets and we will send you an email upon detection. You'll only receive an email for verified secrets. Verified secrets are secrets that have been verified by trufflehog, meaning that they can be used to authenticate to their given provider. Note that unverified secrets are not necessarily invalid, verification can also fail due to technical reasons, e.g. in that case of a network error.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To prevent this issue, we run a tool called [TruffleHog](https://trufflesecurity.com/trufflehog) on each push you make. TruffleHog scans for hard-coded secrets, and we will send you an email upon detection. You'll only receive emails for verified secrets, which are the ones that have been confirmed to work for authentication against their respective providers. Note, however, that unverified secrets are not necessarily harmless or invalid: verification can fail due to technical reasons. In this case, verification will run again on subsequent commits to the repository.

TruffleHog can verify secrets that work across multiple services, it is not restricted to Hugging Face tokens.
```

Maybe? I'm kind of making up stuff here, feel free to ignore. Also, tokens for unsupported services can never be verified, right?

Author: I'll take a few things from your suggestion, thank you for the input!

> , verification will run again on subsequent commits to the repository.

This part is not correct, once a file is scanned it won't be rescanned unless a change is made to it.

> Also, tokens for unsupported services can never be verified, right?

Correct!
